---
layout: default
title: People
pageclass: people
---

h1. Members

h2. Faculty

* "Fred Popowich":http://www.cs.sfu.ca/~popowich
* "Anoop Sarkar":http://www.cs.sfu.ca/~anoop

h2. Ph.D. Students

* "Ann Clifton":http://www.cs.sfu.ca/~aca69/personal
* Majid Razmara
* Baskaran Sankaran
* "Milan Tofiloski":http://www.cs.sfu.ca/~mta45/personal

h2. Masters Students

* Fahim Hasan
* Young-chan Kim
* Marzieh Razavi
* Asqar Saypil
* "Max Whitney":http://www.cs.sfu.ca/~mwhitney/personal

h2. Undergraduate Students

* Manaal Faruqui ("MITACS Globalink":http://www.mitacs.ca/main.php?mid=10000426&pid=347)
* Diptesh Chatterjee ("MITACS Globalink":http://www.mitacs.ca/main.php?mid=10000426&pid=347)

h1. Adjunct Members

h2. SFU Linguistics

* "Chung-hye Han":http://www.sfu.ca/~chunghye/
* "Paul McFetridge":http://www.sfu.ca/~mcfet/personal/
* "Maite Taboada":http://www.sfu.ca/~mtaboada/

h2. Students

* Stephen Makonin

h1. Lab Alumnae and Alumni

h2. Ph.D. Students

* Caroline Barrière -- Research Officer, Interactive Language Technologies, NRC Institute for Information Technology
* Baohua Gu
* "David Gerhard":http://www2.cs.uregina.ca/~gerhard/ -- Associate Professor, University of Regina
* "Gholamreza Haffari":http://www.cs.sfu.ca/~ghaffar1/personal -- Postdoc at UBC
* Eli Hagen
* Petr Kubon -- Director of Research and Development, Recombo
* "Yudong Liu":http://www.sfu.ca/~yudongl/
* T. (Pat) Pattabhiraman -- Senior engineer in computational linguistics, Core Technology Group, Conversay, Redmond, WA
* "Maxim Roy":http://www.cs.sfu.ca/~maximr/personal/
* Zhongmin Shi -- CEO, Summba.com
* "Tomek Strzalkowski":http://www.cs.albany.edu/~tomek/ -- Associate Professor, SUNY Albany
* "Jörg Überla":http://www.linkedin.com/pub/j%C3%B6rg-%C3%BCberla/0/3a9/286 -- Venture Partner at Wellington Partners
* Manuel Zahariev -- CTO, Vision Critical

h2. Masters Students

* Julia Birke -- SAP Business Objects
* Nicolas Demers
* Cesar Dragunsky
* Akshay Gattani -- Zeugma Systems
* Ajeet Grewal -- BC Ferries
* Mehdi Kashani -- Innovative Information
* Tomohiko Kimura
* Sandi Kodric -- Co-Founder of "Vzajemci d.o.o.":http://vzajemci.com/
* "Fred Kroon":http://www.cs.uwaterloo.ca/~fwkroon/ -- Ph.D. candidate at University of Waterloo
* Milan Mosny -- President, Response42.com
* Porus Patell -- Translation Division, SAP
* Hong Shen -- Microsoft
* Dong Song -- Accenture
* Scott Stoness -- Ph.D. candidate at University of Rochester
* Javier Thaine -- Microsoft
* Carl Vogel -- Senior Lecturer, Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland
* Wendy Wang -- Post graduate in information management in health care at Conestoga College
* "Bruce Wiebe":http://www.twu.ca/academics/faculty/profiles/wiebe-bruce.html -- Instructor in Linguistics at Trinity Western University
* "Winona Wu":http://www.sfu.ca/~winonaw/ -- SAP Business Objects
* Yingjian Zhang -- FinancialCAD Corp., BC

